all right we took a trip to the Lego
store and what do we get Josh ys+ The
Horizon Express right yeah cool did and
we got two of them didn't we yep that's
right so here's the other one
and we're going to try to build maybe
one tonight and so why did we get two of
them one yes that's right make one long
train is that gonna fit our city in the
train yard yeah we're gonna find out
aren't we yeah okay you're gonna help me
build yeah all right let's go ahead and
get it opened okay okay okay so here is
the horizon Express opened up just one
of the boxes with all of the bags I will
say this there are it looks like there's
a lot of little pieces in this set 1351
individual pieces and it does look like
there are a lot of small parts I will
make mention of this I know there are a
lot of reviews out there Verizon Express
is not a brand new set it's been around
for a little while but I noticed these
new sets I'll come with generally three
instruction booklets and I really wish
like it would just come out with one
larger booklet and it makes it easier to
keep track of them especially if you're
collecting them in one area kind of gets
excessive but but here it is all the
bags looks like there are their number
one two and three and to go inside with
the number of booklets obviously so
we're going to run through this and I'll
pause every once in a while to show you
a video of the progress and they'll let
you know how this is going right and
we're back finally we completed the
horizon Express both models in fact and
put them back to back and as you can see
it makes it look really cool having two
trains together like this and it's a lot
longer than I expected
and it's definitely gonna be the longest
train in my lego city for sure so I this
is not a brand new Lego set from the
LEGO Group so I'm not going to go into
great detail on this review but a couple
things I will make mention of
is the signs of the engines instead of
putting decals or stickers it's actual
Lego that makes those arrows that's
pretty neat was fun to build it as well
and the sticker sheet also I like
because it gives you all the numbers to
play with so you can put any number
really on your engine instead of what's
instructed that was pretty neat
you do get a brick separator and
obviously some extra pieces here I don't
know why they give you these extra tubes
but they do and one more big thing I'd
like to mention probably my favorite
about this set is just when you give me
that card over there buddy thank you let
me just do a comparison here really
quick this is the train or passenger
cart for the Emerald light set and I
pull off the top here turn it around on
the inside when you're reaching to get
your minifigs you kind of fight a little
bit with the walls of this cart to get
your people in and out and usually it's
not bad if you're if you have a
practiced hand but if you have a bigger
hands it it's kind of hard to access
them but if with The Horizon Express
though let me take the top off it takes
a lot of the sides with it and what that
allows you to do is much easier access
to your few minifigures and other
objects inside the train card so I
thought that was really neat and smart
by the LEGO Group to do that so that
being said that's all I'm going to show
you for now and then go ahead and put
this thing downstairs and we'll put some
motors in it and we'll see how it looks
going around the track alright guys
we're in the basement I'm putting this
thing on the track but obviously we need
to motorize it so I'm actually going to
use the 9-volt motors for this instead I
got a couple of them that I'm going to
use so we're just going to swap out the
the front end and just replace it with
the 9-volt and just click it in there
and that's a lot easier than power
function that staying power function
isn't good this train is obviously
designed for power function but I have a
couple of 9 bolts motor so I'm going to
use them alright here we are we're going
to
do our first official run with the
horizon Express two of them in fact and
Josh is going to do the honors of
turning it on so Josh wait for me to get
down here a little ways all right okay
buddy go ahead and make a go full power
looks good so far yeah it'll slow up the
hill this is a pretty heavy train it's
got two 9-volt motors in it
yeah there we go
oh squeeze through here okay
here comes
you
okay well I think it's a success what do
you think Josh cool alright guys well
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
that quick overview of the horizon
Express had a lot of fun building it and
stay tuned for four more videos in the
near future thanks for watching guys
you